Databases/Week3/todo-app/README.md, before:

# Todo app
### Short description
Functions implemented:
- Insert item(s) in ToDo list
- Delete item(s) in ToDo list
- Delete a ToDo list
- Create a new ToDo list
- Mark an item as completed
- Add a reminder for the list (not for the item)

### Endpoints implemented
| Description                                 | Method | URL  pattern                                             | Example to check                                     
|-----------------------------------------|--------|---------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Get user's todo lists                   | GET    | `http://localhost:3000/:userId/lists`             | `http://localhost:3000/1/lists` |
| Get user's todo list by ID              | GET    | `http://localhost:3000/:userId/lists/:listId`     | `http://localhost:3000/1/lists/1`|
| Create a todo list                      | POST   | `http://localhost:3000/:userId/lists`             | `http://localhost:3000/1/lists`                 
| Delete a todo list                      | DELETE | `http://localhost:3000/:userId/lists/:listId`     | `http://localhost:3000/1/lists/1`  |
| Add reminder to the list                | POST   | `http://localhost:3000/:userId/lists/:listId/reminders` | `http://localhost:3000/1/lists/1/reminders` 
| Insert item(s) in todo list             | POST  | `http://localhost:3000/:userId/lists/:listId/items` | `http://localhost:3000/1/lists/1/items`|
| Delete item(s) from todo list             | DELETE  | `http://localhost:3000/:userId/lists/:listId/items/:itemId` | `http://localhost:3000/1/lists/1/items/1`|
## Project setup
1. Clone repo
2. Navigate to ```Databases/Week3/todo-app```
3. Run ```npm install``` to install dependencies
4. Import ```todo_app.sql``` database or just run sql queries in mysql console to create a db. 
5. Make sure your database is called ```todo_app```.
6. To start server run any of the listed commands
  - ```nodemon run``` 
  - ```nodemon index.js``` 
  - ```node index.js``` 
7. Open in browser ```localhost:3000``` or ```127.0.0.1:3000```
8. Check urls from endpoints tables and response results in browser devtools response for get requests.
9. Use Postman or Thunder Client VS Code extension to check endpoints. => [link](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rangav.vscode-thunder-client)
 
  - Link to my postman requests created to test app => [link](https://www.postman.com/yulsmir/workspace/my-public-env/collection/10283822-bf799acc-b067-4b49-9932-12b716e53f09?action=share&creator=10283822)
 In params Path Variables change: 
    - userId value to 1 or 2 (only 2 users in db now)
    - listId - 1...4;
    - itemId - 1...4.

Commit message:

Add password instruction to a readme file

Databases/Week3/todo-app/README.md, after:

# Todo app
### Short description
Functions implemented:
- Insert item(s) in ToDo list
- Delete item(s) in ToDo list
- Delete a ToDo list
- Create a new ToDo list
- Mark an item as completed
- Add a reminder for the list (not for the item)

### Endpoints implemented
| Description                                 | Method | URL  pattern                                             | Example to check                                     
|-----------------------------------------|--------|---------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Get user's todo lists                   | GET    | `http://localhost:3000/:userId/lists`             | `http://localhost:3000/1/lists` |
| Get user's todo list by ID              | GET    | `http://localhost:3000/:userId/lists/:listId`     | `http://localhost:3000/1/lists/1`|
| Create a todo list                      | POST   | `http://localhost:3000/:userId/lists`             | `http://localhost:3000/1/lists`                 
| Delete a todo list                      | DELETE | `http://localhost:3000/:userId/lists/:listId`     | `http://localhost:3000/1/lists/1`  |
| Add reminder to the list                | POST   | `http://localhost:3000/:userId/lists/:listId/reminders` | `http://localhost:3000/1/lists/1/reminders` 
| Insert item(s) in todo list             | POST  | `http://localhost:3000/:userId/lists/:listId/items` | `http://localhost:3000/1/lists/1/items`|
| Delete item(s) from todo list             | DELETE  | `http://localhost:3000/:userId/lists/:listId/items/:itemId` | `http://localhost:3000/1/lists/1/items/1`|
## Project setup
1. Clone repo
2. Navigate to ```Databases/Week3/todo-app```
3. Run ```npm install``` to install dependencies
4. Navigate to ```index.js``` and inside ```const connection``` change ```password``` to your msql root user password.
  OR 
  Create a file ```.env``` in a root of todo-app directory and insert your root password as ```DB_PASSWORD=your_root_password``` into ```.env``` file.
4. Import ```todo_app.sql``` database or just run sql queries in mysql console to create a db. 
5. Make sure your database is called ```todo_app```.
6. To start server run any of the listed commands
  - ```nodemon run``` 
  - ```nodemon index.js``` 
  - ```node index.js``` 
7. Open in browser ```localhost:3000``` or ```127.0.0.1:3000```

## Testing
1. Check urls from endpoints table and response results in browser devtools response for get requests.
2. Use Postman or Thunder Client VS Code extension to check endpoints all requests implemented => [link](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=rangav.vscode-thunder-client)
 
3. Link to my postman requests created to test app => [link](https://www.postman.com/yulsmir/workspace/my-public-env/collection/10283822-bf799acc-b067-4b49-9932-12b716e53f09?action=share&creator=10283822)
 
4. To test requests for different lists, users, items in Postman got to  ```Params => Path Variables``` and change value of tested parameter: 
        - userId - 1 or 2 (only 2 users in db now)
        - listId - 1...4;
        - itemId - 1...4.
